---
toc: true
layout: post
description: 5.3 and 5.4 Notes and Reflection
categories: [markdown, Week 21, collegeboard]
title: 5.1 and 5.2 Notes and Reflection
author: Jishnu Singiresu
show_tags: true
comments: true
---
# 5.3 
## Intentional or Purposeful bias (Crossover Group Up, 10 minutes)

1. 25-34 is the age group that uses Facebook and 10-19 is the age group for Tiktok. No, there isn't a purposeful exclusion on the platforms since they target the most popular age group rather than excluding the others through methods like color and other ways. Yes, it is harmful since a large group of people are being targeted to make them addicted and returning. Yes, it should be corrected since it can damage the youth. No, its pretty unfair since it can damage the competition sometimes.

2. Because men are more likely to have phones by 18% so that means that to target the male audience. Another reason could be that because society has this idea that men are superior to women and should service for them. Another reason is that women have clearer voices than men who have deeper hard to understand voice. Yes, it is harmful since it kind of sterotypes women as assistants. It should be corrected by allowing the people to select the voice while setting it up. It isn't 

3. An algorithm that influences my decisions is stuff like ads on these sites, they are often targeted towards the things that you previously searched or looked at and stuff causing people to more likely click on an advertisement since it finds things that would enable them to gain more money and stuff.

## As Pairs (5 minutes)

- The owner of the computer probably thinks that this isn't intentional still finds it pretty funny that it doesn't recognize him. He has a kinda jokishly attitude towards the situation and the title also seems kind of like a fun title, accusing the computers instead of company.
- This probably happened since while testing the feature, they lacked variability and lacked the cultural variety 
- It can be harmful since it might drive away certain groups from buying the product and although it wasn't intended, it still harms the user experience and should be corrected.
- In order to produce a better outcome, you should include more people while testing the feature in the future.

# 5.4 
## 